specification/labservices/resource-manager/readme.go.md, before:

## Go

These settings apply only when `--go` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(go) && !$(track2)
go:
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: labservices
  clear-output-folder: true
```

``` yaml $(go) && $(track2)
license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
module-name: sdk/resourcemanager/labservices/armlabservices
module: github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/$(module-name)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/$(module-name)
azure-arm: true
directive:
- rename-model:
    from: 'LabServicesSku'
    to: 'SkuForLabServices'
```

### Go multi-api

``` yaml $(go) && $(multiapi)
batch:
  - tag: package-preview-2021-11
  - tag: package-2018-10
```

### Tag: package-preview-2021-11 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-preview-2021-11 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-preview-2021-11' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/preview/$(namespace)/mgmt/2021-11-15-preview/$(namespace)
```

### Tag: package-2018-10 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-10 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-10' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/$(namespace)/mgmt/2018-10-15/$(namespace)
```

Commit message:

[Go] Rename stuttering (#17440)
* [Go] rename stuttering

* fix

specification/labservices/resource-manager/readme.go.md, after:

## Go

These settings apply only when `--go` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(go) && !$(track2)
go:
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: labservices
  clear-output-folder: true
```

``` yaml $(go) && $(track2)
license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
module-name: sdk/resourcemanager/labservices/armlabservices
module: github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/$(module-name)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/$(module-name)
azure-arm: true
directive:
- rename-model:
    from: 'LabServicesSku'
    to: 'SkuInfo'
- rename-model:
    from: 'PagedLabServicesSkus'
    to: 'PagedSkuInfos'
```

### Go multi-api

``` yaml $(go) && $(multiapi)
batch:
  - tag: package-preview-2021-11
  - tag: package-2018-10
```

### Tag: package-preview-2021-11 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-preview-2021-11 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-preview-2021-11' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/preview/$(namespace)/mgmt/2021-11-15-preview/$(namespace)
```

### Tag: package-2018-10 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-10 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-10' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/$(namespace)/mgmt/2018-10-15/$(namespace)
```
