specification/billing/resource-manager/readme.md, before:

# Billing

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for Billing.



---
## Getting Started
To build the SDK for Billing, simply [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`
---

## Configuration



### Basic Information
These are the global settings for the Billing API.

``` yaml
openapi-type: arm
tag: package-2020-05
```

### Tag: package-2021-10

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2021-10` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2021-10'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Billing/stable/2021-10-01/payment.json
directive:
  - suppress: R4009
    from: Microsoft.Billing/stable/2021-10-01/payment.json
    reason: systemData is not in this API version
```

### Tag: package-2020-05

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2020-05` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2020-05'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Billing/stable/2020-05-01/billing.json
- Microsoft.Billing/preview/2018-03-01-preview/billingV2.json
```

### Tag: package-2020-09-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2020-09-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2020-09-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Billing/stable/2020-05-01/billing.json
- Microsoft.Billing/preview/2020-09-01-preview/billingPromotions.json
```

### Tag: package-2020-11-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2020-11-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2020-11-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Billing/stable/2020-05-01/billing.json
- Microsoft.Billing/preview/2020-11-01-preview/billingPromotions.json
```

### Tag: package-2019-10-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2019-10-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2019-10-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Billing/preview/2019-10-01-preview/billing.json
```

### Tag: package-2018-11-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-11-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-11-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Billing/preview/2018-11-01-preview/billing.json
```

### Tag: package-2018-03-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-03-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-03-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Billing/preview/2018-03-01-preview/billing.json
```

### Tag: package-2017-04-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-04-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-04-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Billing/preview/2017-04-24-preview/billing.json
```

### Tag: package-2017-02-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-02-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-02-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Billing/preview/2017-02-27-preview/billing.json
```

---
# Code Generation


## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python-track2
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go-track2
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-node
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-ruby
    after_scripts:
      - bundle install && rake arm:regen_all_profiles['azure_mgmt_billing']
  - repo: azure-cli-extensions
  - repo: azure-resource-manager-schemas
```


## C#

These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--csharp-sdks-folder=<path to "SDKs" directory of your azure-sdk-for-net clone>`.

``` yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.Management.Billing
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/billing/Microsoft.Azure.Management.Billing/src/Generated
  clear-output-folder: true
```

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Java

These settings apply only when `--java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-libraries-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(java)
azure-arm: true
fluent: true
namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.billing
license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_CODEGEN
payload-flattening-threshold: 1
output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/azure-mgmt-billing
```

### Java multi-api

``` yaml $(java) && $(multiapi)
batch:
  - tag: package-2021-10
  - tag: package-2020-05
  - tag: package-2019-10-preview
  - tag: package-2018-11-preview
  - tag: package-2018-03-preview
  - tag: package-2017-04-preview
  - tag: package-2017-02-preview
```

### Tag: package-2021-10 and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2021-10 --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2021-10' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.billing.v2021_10_01
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/sdk/billing/mgmt-v2021_10_01
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

### Tag: package-2020-05 and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2020-05 --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2020-05' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.billing.v2020_05_01
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/sdk/billing/mgmt-v2020_05_01
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

### Tag: package-2019-10-preview and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2019-10-preview --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2019-10-preview' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.billing.v2019_10_01_preview
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/sdk/billing/mgmt-v2019_10_01_preview
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

### Tag: package-2018-11-preview and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-11-preview --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-11-preview' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.billing.v2018_11_01_preview
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/sdk/billing/mgmt-v2018_11_01_preview
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

### Tag: package-2018-03-preview and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-03-preview --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-03-preview' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.billing.v2018_03_01_preview
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/sdk/billing/mgmt-v2018_03_01_preview
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

### Tag: package-2017-04-preview and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-04-preview --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-04-preview' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.billing.v2017_04_24_preview
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/sdk/billing/mgmt-v2017_04_24_preview
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

### Tag: package-2017-02-preview and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-02-preview --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-02-preview' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.billing.v2017_02_27_preview
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/sdk/billing/mgmt-v2017_02_27_preview
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

Commit message:

Added billing subscription APIs in new 2021-10-01 version (#16653)
* Ported Microsoft.Billing 20211001 to main

* Prettier fixes for Microsoft.Billing 20211001

* Updated readme.cmd package-2021-10

* Deleted old replaced example

specification/billing/resource-manager/readme.md, after:

# Billing

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for Billing.



---
## Getting Started
To build the SDK for Billing, simply [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`
---

## Configuration



### Basic Information
These are the global settings for the Billing API.

``` yaml
openapi-type: arm
tag: package-2020-05
```

### Tag: package-2021-10

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2021-10` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2021-10'
title: BillingManagementClient
description: Billing Client
input-file:
- Microsoft.Billing/stable/2021-10-01/billingSubscription.json
- Microsoft.Billing/stable/2021-10-01/payment.json
directive:
  - suppress: R4009
    from: Microsoft.Billing/stable/2021-10-01/billingSubscription.json
    reason: systemData is not in this API version
  - suppress: R4009
    from: Microsoft.Billing/stable/2021-10-01/payment.json
    reason: systemData is not in this API version
```

### Tag: package-2020-05

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2020-05` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2020-05'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Billing/stable/2020-05-01/billing.json
- Microsoft.Billing/preview/2018-03-01-preview/billingV2.json
```

### Tag: package-2020-09-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2020-09-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2020-09-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Billing/stable/2020-05-01/billing.json
- Microsoft.Billing/preview/2020-09-01-preview/billingPromotions.json
```

### Tag: package-2020-11-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2020-11-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2020-11-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Billing/stable/2020-05-01/billing.json
- Microsoft.Billing/preview/2020-11-01-preview/billingPromotions.json
```

### Tag: package-2019-10-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2019-10-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2019-10-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Billing/preview/2019-10-01-preview/billing.json
```

### Tag: package-2018-11-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-11-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-11-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Billing/preview/2018-11-01-preview/billing.json
```

### Tag: package-2018-03-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-03-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-03-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Billing/preview/2018-03-01-preview/billing.json
```

### Tag: package-2017-04-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-04-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-04-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Billing/preview/2017-04-24-preview/billing.json
```

### Tag: package-2017-02-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-02-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-02-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Billing/preview/2017-02-27-preview/billing.json
```

---
# Code Generation


## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python-track2
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go-track2
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-node
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-ruby
    after_scripts:
      - bundle install && rake arm:regen_all_profiles['azure_mgmt_billing']
  - repo: azure-cli-extensions
  - repo: azure-resource-manager-schemas
```


## C#

These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--csharp-sdks-folder=<path to "SDKs" directory of your azure-sdk-for-net clone>`.

``` yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.Management.Billing
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/billing/Microsoft.Azure.Management.Billing/src/Generated
  clear-output-folder: true
```

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Java

These settings apply only when `--java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-libraries-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(java)
azure-arm: true
fluent: true
namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.billing
license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_CODEGEN
payload-flattening-threshold: 1
output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/azure-mgmt-billing
```

### Java multi-api

``` yaml $(java) && $(multiapi)
batch:
  - tag: package-2021-10
  - tag: package-2020-05
  - tag: package-2019-10-preview
  - tag: package-2018-11-preview
  - tag: package-2018-03-preview
  - tag: package-2017-04-preview
  - tag: package-2017-02-preview
```

### Tag: package-2021-10 and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2021-10 --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2021-10' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.billing.v2021_10_01
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/sdk/billing/mgmt-v2021_10_01
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

### Tag: package-2020-05 and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2020-05 --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2020-05' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.billing.v2020_05_01
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/sdk/billing/mgmt-v2020_05_01
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

### Tag: package-2019-10-preview and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2019-10-preview --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2019-10-preview' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.billing.v2019_10_01_preview
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/sdk/billing/mgmt-v2019_10_01_preview
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

### Tag: package-2018-11-preview and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-11-preview --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-11-preview' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.billing.v2018_11_01_preview
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/sdk/billing/mgmt-v2018_11_01_preview
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

### Tag: package-2018-03-preview and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-03-preview --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-03-preview' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.billing.v2018_03_01_preview
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/sdk/billing/mgmt-v2018_03_01_preview
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

### Tag: package-2017-04-preview and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-04-preview --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-04-preview' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.billing.v2017_04_24_preview
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/sdk/billing/mgmt-v2017_04_24_preview
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

### Tag: package-2017-02-preview and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-02-preview --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-02-preview' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.billing.v2017_02_27_preview
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/sdk/billing/mgmt-v2017_02_27_preview
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```
