specification/cognitiveservices/data-plane/LUIS/Authoring/readme.md, before:

# Cognitive Services LUIS SDKs

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

Configuration for generating LUIS Authoring SDK.

``` yaml
tag: authoring_3_0_preview
add-credentials: true
openapi-type: data-plane
```

The current release for the Authoring Endpoint is `authoring_3_0_preview`.

# Releases

## Authoring 2.0
These settings apply only when `--tag=authoring_2_0` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'authoring_2_0'
input-file: stable/v2.0/LUIS-Authoring.json
```

Deprecated Pattern's Operations

``` yaml $(tag) == 'authoring_2_0'
directive:
  - reason: Deprecated
    remove-operation: Features_GetApplicationVersionPatternFeatures
  - reason: Deprecated
    remove-operation: Features_CreatePatternFeature
  - reason: Deprecated
    remove-operation: Features_GetPatternFeatureInfo
  - reason: Deprecated
    remove-operation: Features_UpdatePatternFeature
  - reason: Deprecated
    remove-operation: Features_DeletePatternFeature
```

AutoRest-Linter Suppressions

``` yaml
# Ignore autorest-linter issues that cannot be resolve without updates to the API implementation
directive:
  - suppress: DeleteMustNotHaveRequestBody
    reason: Body is used to specify entity to delete
  - suppress: DefinitionsPropertiesNamesCamelCase
    reason: Changing casing will break existing clients/consumers
```

---

## Authoring 3.0
These settings apply only when `--tag=authoring_3_0_preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'authoring_3_0_preview'
input-file: preview/v3.0/LUIS-Authoring.json
```

Deprecated Pattern's Operations

``` yaml $(tag) == 'authoring_2_0'
directive:
  - reason: Deprecated
    remove-operation: Features_GetApplicationVersionPatternFeatures
  - reason: Deprecated
    remove-operation: Features_CreatePatternFeature
  - reason: Deprecated
    remove-operation: Features_GetPatternFeatureInfo
  - reason: Deprecated
    remove-operation: Features_UpdatePatternFeature
  - reason: Deprecated
    remove-operation: Features_DeletePatternFeature
```

AutoRest-Linter Suppressions

``` yaml
# Ignore autorest-linter issues that cannot be resolve without updates to the API implementation
directive:
  - suppress: DeleteMustNotHaveRequestBody
    reason: Body is used to specify entity to delete
  - suppress: DefinitionsPropertiesNamesCamelCase
    reason: Changing casing will break existing clients/consumers
```

---

# Code Generation


## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-node
```

### CSharp Settings
These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
``` yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  sync-methods: None
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  azure-arm: false
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.CognitiveServices.Language.LUIS.Authoring
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/CognitiveServices/Language.LUIS.Authoring/src/Generated
  clear-output-folder: true
```

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Java

These settings apply only when `--java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-libraries-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(java)
java:
  azure-arm: true
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.cognitiveservices.language.luis.authoring
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_CODEGEN
  payload-flattening-threshold: 1
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/cognitiveservices/data-plane/language/luis/authoring
  with-optional-parameters: true
  with-single-async-method: true
```

## Multi-API/Profile support for AutoRest v3 generators 

AutoRest V3 generators require the use of `--tag=all-api-versions` to select api files.

This block is updated by an automatic script. Edits may be lost!

``` yaml $(tag) == 'all-api-versions' /* autogenerated */
# include the azure profile definitions from the standard location
require: $(this-folder)/../../../../../profiles/readme.md

# all the input files across all versions
input-file:
  - $(this-folder)/stable/v2.0/LUIS-Authoring.json
  - $(this-folder)/preview/v3.0/LUIS-Authoring.json

```

If there are files that should not be in the `all-api-versions` set, 
uncomment the  `exclude-file` section below and add the file paths.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'all-api-versions'
#exclude-file: 
#  - $(this-folder)/Microsoft.Example/stable/2010-01-01/somefile.json
```

Commit message:

LUIS Authoring V3.0 GA  (#15364)
* v3.0 swagger

* Unchange the preview folder

* Changes in the readme

* readme.go changes

* Readme.md changes

* Changes in th readme

* Changing all v2 to v3

* Editing LUIS.authoring

* Editing readme

* Adding "fuzzyMatchingEnabled" property to some objects

* solving syntax errors

* Deleting SDK files

* Solving errors

* Editing package.json

* Changes according to the comments

* Changing the default value of some properties

* Adding prettier check

* Change

* Revert "Change"

This reverts commit ca991fbbc99602d75128a2f84b1510ae999f9948.

* Add missing parts

* Changes for the SDK

Co-authored-by: MIDDLEEAST\v-mariamel <v-mariamel@microsoft.com>

specification/cognitiveservices/data-plane/LUIS/Authoring/readme.md, after:

# Cognitive Services LUIS SDKs

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

Configuration for generating LUIS Authoring SDK.

``` yaml
tag: authoring_3_0
add-credentials: true
openapi-type: data-plane
```

The current release for the Authoring Endpoint is `authoring_3_0`.

# Releases

## Authoring 2.0
These settings apply only when `--tag=authoring_2_0` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'authoring_2_0'
input-file: stable/v2.0/LUIS-Authoring.json
```

Deprecated Pattern's Operations

``` yaml $(tag) == 'authoring_2_0'
directive:
  - reason: Deprecated
    remove-operation: Features_GetApplicationVersionPatternFeatures
  - reason: Deprecated
    remove-operation: Features_CreatePatternFeature
  - reason: Deprecated
    remove-operation: Features_GetPatternFeatureInfo
  - reason: Deprecated
    remove-operation: Features_UpdatePatternFeature
  - reason: Deprecated
    remove-operation: Features_DeletePatternFeature
```

AutoRest-Linter Suppressions

``` yaml
# Ignore autorest-linter issues that cannot be resolve without updates to the API implementation
directive:
  - suppress: DeleteMustNotHaveRequestBody
    reason: Body is used to specify entity to delete
  - suppress: DefinitionsPropertiesNamesCamelCase
    reason: Changing casing will break existing clients/consumers
```
---

## Authoring 3.0-preview
These settings apply only when `--tag=authoring_3_0_preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'authoring_3_0_preview'
input-file: preview/v3.0/LUIS-Authoring.json
```

Deprecated Pattern's Operations

``` yaml $(tag) == 'authoring_2_0'
directive:
  - reason: Deprecated
    remove-operation: Features_GetApplicationVersionPatternFeatures
  - reason: Deprecated
    remove-operation: Features_CreatePatternFeature
  - reason: Deprecated
    remove-operation: Features_GetPatternFeatureInfo
  - reason: Deprecated
    remove-operation: Features_UpdatePatternFeature
  - reason: Deprecated
    remove-operation: Features_DeletePatternFeature
```

AutoRest-Linter Suppressions

``` yaml
# Ignore autorest-linter issues that cannot be resolve without updates to the API implementation
directive:
  - suppress: DeleteMustNotHaveRequestBody
    reason: Body is used to specify entity to delete
  - suppress: DefinitionsPropertiesNamesCamelCase
    reason: Changing casing will break existing clients/consumers
```
---

## Authoring 3.0
These settings apply only when `--tag=authoring_3_0` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'authoring_3_0'
input-file: stable/v3.0/LUIS-Authoring.json
```

AutoRest-Linter Suppressions

``` yaml
# Ignore autorest-linter issues that cannot be resolve without updates to the API implementation
directive:
  - suppress: DeleteMustNotHaveRequestBody
    reason: Body is used to specify entity to delete
  - suppress: DefinitionsPropertiesNamesCamelCase
    reason: Changing casing will break existing clients/consumers
```

---

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-node
```

### CSharp Settings
These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
``` yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  sync-methods: None
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  azure-arm: false
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.CognitiveServices.Language.LUIS.Authoring
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/CognitiveServices/Language.LUIS.Authoring/src/Generated
  clear-output-folder: true
```

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Java

These settings apply only when `--java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-libraries-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(java)
java:
  azure-arm: true
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.cognitiveservices.language.luis.authoring
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_CODEGEN
  payload-flattening-threshold: 1
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/cognitiveservices/data-plane/language/luis/authoring
  with-optional-parameters: true
  with-single-async-method: true
```

## Multi-API/Profile support for AutoRest v3 generators 

AutoRest V3 generators require the use of `--tag=all-api-versions` to select api files.

This block is updated by an automatic script. Edits may be lost!

``` yaml $(tag) == 'all-api-versions' /* autogenerated */
# include the azure profile definitions from the standard location
require: $(this-folder)/../../../../../profiles/readme.md

# all the input files across all versions
input-file:
  - $(this-folder)/stable/v2.0/LUIS-Authoring.json
  - $(this-folder)/preview/v3.0/LUIS-Authoring.json

```

If there are files that should not be in the `all-api-versions` set, 
uncomment the  `exclude-file` section below and add the file paths.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'all-api-versions'
#exclude-file: 
#  - $(this-folder)/Microsoft.Example/stable/2010-01-01/somefile.json
```
