specification/redis/resource-manager/readme.go.md, before:

## Go

These settings apply only when `--go` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(go) && !$(track2)
go:
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: redis
  clear-output-folder: true
```

``` yaml $(go) && $(track2)
license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
module-name: sdk/resourcemanager/redis/armredis
module: github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/$(module-name)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/$(module-name)
azure-arm: true
```

### Go multi-api

``` yaml $(go) && $(multiapi)
batch:
  - tag: package-2020-12
  - tag: package-2020-06
  - tag: package-2019-07-preview
  - tag: package-2018-03
  - tag: package-2017-10
  - tag: package-2017-02
  - tag: package-2016-04
  - tag: package-2015-08
```

### Tag: package-2020-12 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2020-12 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2020-12' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/$(namespace)/mgmt/2020-12-01/$(namespace)
```

### Tag: package-2020-06 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2020-06 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2020-06' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/$(namespace)/mgmt/2020-06-01/$(namespace)
```

### Tag: package-2019-07-preview and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2019-07-preview --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2019-07-preview' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/preview/$(namespace)/mgmt/2019-07-01-preview/$(namespace)
```

### Tag: package-2018-03 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-03 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-03' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/$(namespace)/mgmt/2018-03-01/$(namespace)
```

### Tag: package-2017-10 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-10 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-10' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/$(namespace)/mgmt/2017-10-01/$(namespace)
```


### Tag: package-2017-02 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-02 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-02' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/$(namespace)/mgmt/2017-02-01/$(namespace)
```

### Tag: package-2016-04 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2016-04 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2016-04' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/$(namespace)/mgmt/2016-04-01/$(namespace)
```

### Tag: package-2015-08 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2015-08 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2015-08' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/$(namespace)/mgmt/2015-08-01/$(namespace)
```

Commit message:

[Go] add directive to rename (#17323)
* [Go] add directive to rename

* format directive

* sku

specification/redis/resource-manager/readme.go.md, after:

## Go

These settings apply only when `--go` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(go) && !$(track2)
go:
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: redis
  clear-output-folder: true
```

``` yaml $(go) && $(track2)
license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
module-name: sdk/resourcemanager/redis/armredis
module: github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/$(module-name)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/$(module-name)
azure-arm: true
directive:
- rename-model:
   from: 'RedisResource'
   to: 'ResourceModel'
```

### Go multi-api

``` yaml $(go) && $(multiapi)
batch:
  - tag: package-2020-12
  - tag: package-2020-06
  - tag: package-2019-07-preview
  - tag: package-2018-03
  - tag: package-2017-10
  - tag: package-2017-02
  - tag: package-2016-04
  - tag: package-2015-08
```

### Tag: package-2020-12 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2020-12 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2020-12' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/$(namespace)/mgmt/2020-12-01/$(namespace)
```

### Tag: package-2020-06 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2020-06 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2020-06' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/$(namespace)/mgmt/2020-06-01/$(namespace)
```

### Tag: package-2019-07-preview and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2019-07-preview --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2019-07-preview' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/preview/$(namespace)/mgmt/2019-07-01-preview/$(namespace)
```

### Tag: package-2018-03 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-03 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-03' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/$(namespace)/mgmt/2018-03-01/$(namespace)
```

### Tag: package-2017-10 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-10 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-10' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/$(namespace)/mgmt/2017-10-01/$(namespace)
```


### Tag: package-2017-02 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-02 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-02' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/$(namespace)/mgmt/2017-02-01/$(namespace)
```

### Tag: package-2016-04 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2016-04 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2016-04' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/$(namespace)/mgmt/2016-04-01/$(namespace)
```

### Tag: package-2015-08 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2015-08 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2015-08' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/$(namespace)/mgmt/2015-08-01/$(namespace)
```
