specification/guestconfiguration/resource-manager/readme.md, before:

# Guest Configuration

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for Guest Configuration.

---

## Getting Started

To build the SDK for Guest Configuration, simply [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`

---

## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the Guest Configuration API.

``` yaml
title: GuestConfigurationClient
description: Guest Configuration Client
openapi-type: arm
tag: package-2020-06-25
```

### Tag: package-2021-01-25

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2021-01-25` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2021-01-25'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.GuestConfiguration/stable/2021-01-25/guestconfiguration.json
```

### Tag: package-2020-06-25

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2020-06-25` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2020-06-25'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.GuestConfiguration/stable/2020-06-25/guestconfiguration.json
```

### Tag: package-2018-11-20

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-11-20` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-11-20'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.GuestConfiguration/stable/2018-11-20/guestconfiguration.json
```

### Tag: package-2018-06-30-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-06-30-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-06-30-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.GuestConfiguration/preview/2018-06-30-preview/guestconfiguration.json

```

### Tag: package-2018-01-20-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-01-20-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-01-20-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.GuestConfiguration/preview/2018-01-20-preview/guestconfiguration.json

```

## Suppression

``` yaml
directive:
  - suppress: UniqueResourcePaths
    from: guestconfiguration.json
    where: $.paths
    reason: 'Microsoft.GuestConfiguration is a proxy resource provider under Microsoft. Please refer PR https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs-pr/pull/540'
  - suppress: OperationsAPIImplementation
    from: guestconfiguration.json
    where: $.paths
    reason: 'Microsoft.GuestConfiguration is a proxy resource provider under Microsoft.Compute. However, Operations API for is implemented. So, suppressing the false positive. Please refer PR https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs-pr/pull/540'
  - suppress: OperationsAPIImplementation
    from: guestconfiguration_NotImplemented.json
    where: $.paths
    reason: |-
      - APIs are approved here https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs-pr/pull/540 
      - They were suppressed https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs-pr/pull/559 
  - suppress: UniqueResourcePaths
    from: guestconfiguration_NotImplemented.json
    where: $.paths
    reason: |-
      - APIs are approved here https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs-pr/pull/540 
      - They were suppressed https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs-pr/pull/559 
  - suppress: TrackedResourceListByImmediateParent
    from: guestconfiguration_NotImplemented.json
    where: $.definitions
    reason: |-
      - APIs are approved here https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs-pr/pull/540 
      - They were suppressed https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs-pr/pull/559 
```

---

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-cli-extensions
  - repo: azure-resource-manager-schemas
```


## C#

These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--csharp-sdks-folder=<path to "SDKs" directory of your azure-sdk-for-net clone>`.

``` yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.Management.GuestConfiguration
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/guestconfiguration/Microsoft.Azure.Management.GuestConfiguration/src/Generated
  clear-output-folder: true
```

Commit message:

Guestconfiguration t2 config (#15132)
* sql t2 readme config

* readme config

* Update readme.python.md

* conflient resolve

* track2 config

Co-authored-by: msyyc <70930885+msyyc@users.noreply.github.com>

specification/guestconfiguration/resource-manager/readme.md, after:

# Guest Configuration

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for Guest Configuration.

---

## Getting Started

To build the SDK for Guest Configuration, simply [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`

---

## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the Guest Configuration API.

``` yaml
title: GuestConfigurationClient
description: Guest Configuration Client
openapi-type: arm
tag: package-2020-06-25
```

### Tag: package-2021-01-25

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2021-01-25` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2021-01-25'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.GuestConfiguration/stable/2021-01-25/guestconfiguration.json
```

### Tag: package-2020-06-25

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2020-06-25` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2020-06-25'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.GuestConfiguration/stable/2020-06-25/guestconfiguration.json
```

### Tag: package-2018-11-20

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-11-20` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-11-20'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.GuestConfiguration/stable/2018-11-20/guestconfiguration.json
```

### Tag: package-2018-06-30-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-06-30-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-06-30-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.GuestConfiguration/preview/2018-06-30-preview/guestconfiguration.json

```

### Tag: package-2018-01-20-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2018-01-20-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2018-01-20-preview'
input-file:
- Microsoft.GuestConfiguration/preview/2018-01-20-preview/guestconfiguration.json

```

## Suppression

``` yaml
directive:
  - suppress: UniqueResourcePaths
    from: guestconfiguration.json
    where: $.paths
    reason: 'Microsoft.GuestConfiguration is a proxy resource provider under Microsoft. Please refer PR https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs-pr/pull/540'
  - suppress: OperationsAPIImplementation
    from: guestconfiguration.json
    where: $.paths
    reason: 'Microsoft.GuestConfiguration is a proxy resource provider under Microsoft.Compute. However, Operations API for is implemented. So, suppressing the false positive. Please refer PR https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs-pr/pull/540'
  - suppress: OperationsAPIImplementation
    from: guestconfiguration_NotImplemented.json
    where: $.paths
    reason: |-
      - APIs are approved here https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs-pr/pull/540 
      - They were suppressed https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs-pr/pull/559 
  - suppress: UniqueResourcePaths
    from: guestconfiguration_NotImplemented.json
    where: $.paths
    reason: |-
      - APIs are approved here https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs-pr/pull/540 
      - They were suppressed https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs-pr/pull/559 
  - suppress: TrackedResourceListByImmediateParent
    from: guestconfiguration_NotImplemented.json
    where: $.definitions
    reason: |-
      - APIs are approved here https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs-pr/pull/540 
      - They were suppressed https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs-pr/pull/559 
```

---

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python-track2
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-cli-extensions
  - repo: azure-resource-manager-schemas
```

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## C#

These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--csharp-sdks-folder=<path to "SDKs" directory of your azure-sdk-for-net clone>`.

``` yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.Management.GuestConfiguration
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/guestconfiguration/Microsoft.Azure.Management.GuestConfiguration/src/Generated
  clear-output-folder: true
```
