specification/cpim/resource-manager/readme.md, before:

# cpim

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for azureadb2c.

## Getting Started

To build the SDKs for My API, simply install AutoRest via `npm` (`npm install -g autorest`) and then run:

> `autorest readme.md`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`

For other options on installation see [Installing AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) on the AutoRest github page.

---

## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the azureadb2c APIs.

```yaml
title: CPIMConfigurationClient
description: CPIM Configuration Client 
openapi-type: arm
tag: package-2019-01-01-preview
```

### Tag: package-2019-01-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2019-01-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2019-01-01-preview'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.AzureActiveDirectory/preview/2019-01-01-preview/cpimTenant.json
```

### Tag: package-2020-05-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2020-05-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2020-05-01-preview'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.AzureActiveDirectory/preview/2020-05-01-preview/cpim.json
```

---

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

```yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python-track2  
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
```

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## CSharp

See configuration in [readme.csharp.md](./readme.csharp.md)

Commit message:

GA of 2019-01-01-preview and 2020-05-01-preview versions as one version: 2021-04-01 (#16948)
* Adds base for updating Microsoft.AzureActiveDirectory from version preview/2019-01-01-preview to version 2021-04-01

* Updates readme

* Updates API version in new specs and examples

* combining two existing preview versions into one GA version

* touching up readme files

* removing changes to existing files

* copying over guestusages entries into new version

* addressing lint errors

* fixing additionalProperties

* fixing errors with example for guestusages

* fixing formatting issues

* using alternative form of additionalProperties

* fixing long running error tags for get

* adding flattening and correct folder path for go

* addressing systemData and operation api response schema issues

* fixing missing comma

* fixing reference to v2/types'

* fixing reference to v2/types'

* fixing reference to v2/types'

* removing operation properties

* Update specification/cpim/resource-manager/readme.md

Removing track1

Co-authored-by: Yuchao Yan <yuchaoyan@microsoft.com>

* azureadexternalidentities name for python

* removing async operation

* adding 200 for delete operation and removing reference to nickgomez97

* making go version compatible with track2

* adding flag for track2 for go

* renaming service folder name

* fixing name miss for azureadexternalidentities from externalidentities in go file

* removing csharp file, not needed for now

* adding back csharp file and fixing GeneratedProtocol to Generated

* reverting folder name change - introduces too many errors

* modelAsString=true for enums

* sligth change to trigger checks again

Co-authored-by: Edwin Gomez Cuellar <edwingomezcuellar@DESKTOP-26P66H4.corp.microsoft.com>
Co-authored-by: Edwin Gomez Cuellar <edwingomezcuellar@Edwins-MacBook-Pro.local>
Co-authored-by: Yuchao Yan <yuchaoyan@microsoft.com>

specification/cpim/resource-manager/readme.md, after:

# cpim

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for azureadexternalidentities.

## Getting Started

To build the SDKs for My API, simply install AutoRest via `npm` (`npm install -g autorest`) and then run:

> `autorest readme.md`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`

For other options on installation see [Installing AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) on the AutoRest github page.

---

## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the external identities APIs.

```yaml
title: ExternalIdentitiesConfigurationClient
description: External Identities Configuration Client 
openapi-type: arm
tag: package-2021-04-01
```

### Tag: package-2019-01-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2019-01-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2019-01-01-preview'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.AzureActiveDirectory/preview/2019-01-01-preview/cpimTenant.json
```

### Tag: package-2020-05-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2020-05-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2020-05-01-preview'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.AzureActiveDirectory/preview/2020-05-01-preview/cpim.json
```

### Tag: package-2021-04-01

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2021-04-01` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2021-04-01'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.AzureActiveDirectory/stable/2021-04-01/externalIdentities.json
```


---

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

```yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python-track2  
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go-track2
```

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## CSharp

See configuration in [readme.csharp.md](./readme.csharp.md)
